7% i uploaded a few videos of this program will computer that i told a while ag. 

Convert questions about it in order to answer a few of the most common questions in definitely buy for the most common question is can you show us how to download something along those lines lines for for this thing i. 

Full screen architecture is piece of. 

And you know about interesting experiment with you know one model of the time before and put it all together it wasn't really until all the pieces came together. 

Work. 

Follow in this book that i will recommend that you don't computer electronics by albert you know. 

Here if you want to find a copy of you can find the use copy online or something. 

In architecture has cupboard that is one is the sap1 which is simple as possible. 

Is is to be a very simple computer architecture of the demonstrates in all the crucial ideas buying computer operation without being in any more complicated and needs to be. 

The frequency. 

Architecture that they have in here is is basically the model that i followed on what i paste this computer on. 

So you can see all the same components that is a program cannot hear. 

There is the memory address register. 

16 bytes of memory. 

Horror movie. 

Same same difference. 

Answers ncert operations concer. 

Instruction register. 

You can see they have all these signals going out that come back and all the other components are all the control signal. 

I come from the control unit and go out all the three pieces to the work experience. 

Which is the average of here. 

The area which is the arithmetic and logic unit which in this computer. 

Han maine to be registered to the end of the register of the inputs for the arithmetic. 

And that's want to help me to this as well primarily around the instructions that what you can actually do with it. 

Instructions having a load instruction and instruction. 

Sub. 

Top horror. 

In addition to the download. 

Two memories that again more complex programs. 

Important for a program of computer and other jump instruction and there's also a conditional jump instruction that jumps when the caribbean is. 

How many times. 

The addition over flowers. 

You stole my be wondering ok can i just tell you how to build this thing i really can you draw that is exactly right time to do is to make a bunch of videos that go through every step of the process. 

I am planning to talk about a whole new copy of this computer from scratch. 

Harm and have videos of available. 

Bad news is going to take a while. 

I don't have a turn off free time on fortunately but my personal goal is to make. 

One video weak at a minimum. 

I want to make some covering everything. 

From first principle why things work the way they do. 

Ask you to take anything on face. 

Probably means it's going to take a while to get everything list. 

Probably lon. 

Did anyone can. 

You can do this computer i mean is long as your. 

Today's station and after viral up carefully and you have another persistence to troubleshoot the inevitable wrong connections are working conditions anyone can do this you know and understand really understand a very deep level how computer works by bowling machine even if you don't have any experience. 

Looking forward to that happening in people people building these things in improving order even. 

Settings for the next next videos can be travelling over the next week so maybe maybe in a couple weeks before and get the next video. 

Is the start focusing on the clock. 

As as the first steps and a walk through in a building this the clock circuit from scratch in the couple interesting things going on here the clock of course coordinates everything. 

In the computer. 

The timing of everything. 

And you can in this case you can adjust the speed of a clock down. 

Everything else ranks lover you can also. 

Stop the clock. 

Step one step at a time which is very useful for troubleshooting something something. 

Uses of 555 timer for being used in a couple different applications in in the clock circuit. 

You can look for the seniors. 

I hope it will be worth it. 

Fss exciting to you please you know give this video a thumbs up and subscribe to the channel tell your friends. 

If you like what you see. 

Are you doing the people find this video is really motivating to me so you know subscribing and watching the videos is you know ourselves really the best way to make sure i keep working on. 

Thanks for watching. 

